Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Christina ’s iPhone: Hello.
Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you this morning.
Christina ’s iPhone: Oh, it's morning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. Very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to complete your bio psychosocial today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it takes about 2030 minutes I just ask you a series of questions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get a little bit of history for the doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, the first question on the bio psychosocial wants to know what brings you to bright heart and why here why now.
Christina ’s iPhone: Well, I've been in the program planning and they had to transfer over to bright heart. So that's why I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and I can you tell me your history of substance use.
Christina ’s iPhone: On and off until I was eight from time I was 21
Christina ’s iPhone: Until
Christina ’s iPhone: Three years ago addicted to
Christina ’s iPhone: Meth and pills.
Christina ’s iPhone: So,
Christina ’s iPhone: And alcohol issues to during the time, but that was never really added addiction once alcohol. I just mixed it with it and then did away with that because we didn't go good with everything is kind of made me sick so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any pain issues.
Christina ’s iPhone: Oh yeah, I had prescription methadone for back problem for five years.
Christina ’s iPhone: Now my penis shoes her pretty well taken care of with the Suboxone for some reason. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It definitely works with pain for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see. Okay. Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Medical history.
Christina ’s iPhone: Um, well, I mean,
Christina ’s iPhone: Mental illness.
Christina ’s iPhone: Physically my
Christina ’s iPhone: Issues are like my name my knee problems back problems.
Christina ’s iPhone: Obesity
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't know what else to say.
Christina ’s iPhone: I'm not
Christina ’s iPhone: Question your answer, looking for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, just anything that you're physically currently dealing with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not you have issues with
Christina ’s iPhone: Ya know, like not blood pressure or diabetes or anything like that. So,
Okay.
Christina ’s iPhone: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and mental health.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any minute
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any past substance abuse treatment.
Christina ’s iPhone: Know, just with what ever the clinic did does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've been with the clinic for about three years.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's an awesome, awesome amount of time. Yeah. Um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: History of mental health.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Treatment
Christina ’s iPhone: Oh yeah, I've been doing getting mill health treatment for
Christina ’s iPhone: Oh, I don't know, going on, five years at least that I've been
Christina ’s iPhone: That I remember before that I was on and off, you know,
Christina ’s iPhone: Mental health for five years 45 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and any past suicide attempts. Know any past homicide attempts know any past self harm no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, can you tell me a little bit about the your family growing up was your mom and dad together throughout your life. Did they divorce, if so, what age. How many siblings, you know the basic information.
Yeah.
Christina ’s iPhone: My mom and my dad divorced when I was about three
Christina ’s iPhone: I lived with her, my mom for a long time kind of worship back and forth throughout our childhood and due to her financial instabilities
Christina ’s iPhone: Dealing with three children, and she would put us back with her father, which never was a good thing because it seemed like he never wanted us with an inconvenience. So they would battle with that and then hurt his
Christina ’s iPhone: Do not wanting to pay child support was hardship on her for financial
Christina ’s iPhone: And then later on.
Christina ’s iPhone: Was the physical because we got into a car accident. She had, she had the shippers back to them hurt him. And then we had a step mom.
Christina ’s iPhone: That was hard on us.
Christina ’s iPhone: But I'm always kind of on and off relationships.
Christina ’s iPhone: Or
Christina ’s iPhone: Different men always trying to fill the slot of a father for us.
Christina ’s iPhone: And then what was the other question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many siblings do you have
Christina ’s iPhone: I have I had for my sister, the oldest sister. She died of an overdose 10 years ago.
Christina ’s iPhone: That I have an older brother, but he was we just. He just found us not too long ago, I guess, about eight years ago, seven or eight years ago.
Christina ’s iPhone: He was given up for adoption when my mom was 16 so
Christina ’s iPhone: And then I have a little brother that's in Portland.
Christina ’s iPhone: So he's married with kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And seven substance abuse and mental health and your family.
Um,
Christina ’s iPhone: I guess my older brother is bipolar. But please, stable and I don't know he used to do drugs when he was younger. But like I said he wasn't in our lives until seven years ago.
Christina ’s iPhone: My sister. She died of an overdose. But, you know, she had three years of drug abuse problems and but before then, she was fine, but obviously she had a chronic depression problem that we, you know,
Christina ’s iPhone: We didn't know about until she went through a divorce and also everything crumbled around her and she wasn't able to grab you know get a grip.
Christina ’s iPhone: My little brother. He's stable. I don't know. He's
Christina ’s iPhone: I see a
Christina ’s iPhone: Definite
Christina ’s iPhone: Issues with him, but he don't think so.
Christina ’s iPhone: He's got a wife and two kids and he's stable and piece it together. I don't know. You know, but he can sure picture.
Christina ’s iPhone: When things don't go your way.
Christina ’s iPhone: And then I'm bipolar. So there you go, you know, I'm all becomes my mom's family.
Christina ’s iPhone: My dad.
In
Christina ’s iPhone: Sunday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I was going to ask your mom or mom and your dad do they, or do they have addictive problems or issues.
Christina ’s iPhone: My mother. Yeah, my dad. No, he doesn't. He's never had addiction issues.
Christina ’s iPhone: He just never got in that
Christina ’s iPhone: Situation, I guess so. So I don't know if his addiction issues with either if he ever allowed himself to get there.
Christina ’s iPhone: But
Christina ’s iPhone: He definitely has a
Christina ’s iPhone: Depression issues and always has
Christina ’s iPhone: Been my mom's the bipolar and addiction.
Christina ’s iPhone: So, okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And can you, we go back just a little bit further. And can you tell me how school is for you and
Christina ’s iPhone: Really the graduate. Did you have a disability.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Hey, Greg.
Christina ’s iPhone: I far as I'm concerned, I should not have graduated, I did because alternative schooling.
Christina ’s iPhone: And yes, learning disabilities.
Christina ’s iPhone: Dyslexia so reading your writing is really hard on me. He
Christina ’s iPhone: The
Christina ’s iPhone: I was pregnant when I was 14 so 15 years old, went into alternative schooling because of that.
Christina ’s iPhone: But I tried to go to college, one point in time, didn't work out. But it was during induction.
Christina ’s iPhone: Know what that was all that
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't know if I can ever make it through college now but I definitely would not having a son, I would have to do it when I was single, and you know dedicated solely solely to that. So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I'm okay. Um, and you have children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. How many kids do you have
Christina ’s iPhone: I have two one is 28 she's married got
Christina ’s iPhone: grandbaby and she also has foster children. She lives in Montana.
Christina ’s iPhone: And then I have my son. He's 11 and he lives with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and in a relationship or married. No, no. Okay, I'm a military background. No. Okay. Um, and legal background.
Christina ’s iPhone: As an yeah rest record.
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah, and gel.
Christina ’s iPhone: Mostly drugs all of its drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long. Yeah, that's usually what happens. How, how long ago.
Christina ’s iPhone: Four years last name anything happened with drugs with gel noise.
You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know. Current Charges pending no probation, none of that. It's all gone past
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, Dan.
Christina ’s iPhone: All gone in the past.
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any a legal issue, or excuse me, financial issues.
Christina ’s iPhone: Well,
Christina ’s iPhone: My sources of income is my child. Social Security. I'm currently live in the same house with my mom and dad. My mom's disabled. So therefore, it works to take care of my mom.
Christina ’s iPhone: So the financial financial security is here because of my dad.
Christina ’s iPhone: So, I mean, I had to do it on my own. I would be up, shut up.
Christina ’s iPhone: Oh battle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, I mean, I did it.
Christina ’s iPhone: With my daughter. I did manage I worked. I, you know, till nine two jobs. I lived on my own, so on so forth, how I did it. I don't remember.
Christina ’s iPhone: A whole hundred just did it, you know.
Christina ’s iPhone: When I tried to do with my son. I was not capable doing I just could not get my feet, you know, get myself back up on and going
Christina ’s iPhone: I know I had with her and also help with head and all that stuff when I tried to do with my son. I didn't have all that, you know,
Christina ’s iPhone: Clay with through a divorce and all that stuff ended up
Christina ’s iPhone: In my parents house during the divorce and I just couldn't get going again. So that was I also it was because I had just came out of the drugs again solidly tried for a year.
Christina ’s iPhone: And I really could not get back up on my feet and you know tried moving to a new city and everything like that. And that's probably the main thing. If I had to do it here where I am. Crescent City where I've been, for 20 some odd years I could probably do it.
Christina ’s iPhone: But
Christina ’s iPhone: Job. We had to try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good, very much because it's tough.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next question anything. Is there anything that I haven't touched on that you think is important. We know about you.
Christina ’s iPhone: Know, after I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And while you're working with Bret Hart. Is there anything any individual counseling that you're interested in, or are you doing that through Tony or
Christina ’s iPhone: I'm doing that through George already at the clinic, we're doing over the same thing situation but not zoom but doxey or whatever.
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And is there while you're working with Breitbart, and you're attending group, is there anything specifically that you would like to learn or refresh up on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I can help you through this process.
Christina ’s iPhone: Not so I know if I mean I don't know what's your, what's your actual
Christina ’s iPhone: Licensing or abilities are I mean I know your counselor, but
Christina ’s iPhone: If I'm already going through George, then yeah, or Yeah, George. Yeah, then it would kind of be a double up you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was thinking, because we'll be in a group together when you're in group with with with Dr groves.
Christina ’s iPhone: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so I'm the therapist that works with her and her group on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Monday and then on Thursday mornings at 10 now too, so I don't know which one you're going to be going to
Christina ’s iPhone: Monthly Mondays and leaving. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. That would be me in there with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I like to ask, you know, is there anything specifically that you would like to learn about that I could bring to the table that you're interested in that you can think of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any new coping skills that you'd like to brush up on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then I start going in my own head, and I start figuring it out. And then you know that's something more to bring the group.
Christina ’s iPhone: I'm sure that you know when we're in group is one of those things that will apply touch bases on the police here and just take a note, you know, and
Christina ’s iPhone: Then you can bring it up with me because otherwise I don't really know. You know, and the times the things are changing so fast right now then.
Christina ’s iPhone: You know things come up and I mean
Christina ’s iPhone: I'm
Christina ’s iPhone: Something coming up right now. I don't know why.
Christina ’s iPhone: On closing door. Sorry.
Okay.
Christina ’s iPhone: My son's here so
Christina ’s iPhone: But mainly that's what you know everything's changing so much
Christina ’s iPhone: You know, for daily
Christina ’s iPhone: We
Christina ’s iPhone: Don't feel good today. So
Christina ’s iPhone: With the kids being out of school. It's a lot of stress.
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't get any breaks
Christina ’s iPhone: You know my son's friends, they seem to come here, but
Christina ’s iPhone: He doesn't go there, you know. So I mean, personally, it's good because I get to make sure that he's not, you know, around anybody sick and stuff like that but cheese.
Christina ’s iPhone: Instead of all hosting, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a lot. Yeah, yeah. He's taking care of your son, you're taking care of your mom, you know, it is a lot for one person and over creep you know know where to go. You can't just take off and go, you know, have a cup of coffee or anything because there's
Christina ’s iPhone: doctors appointments and
Christina ’s iPhone: That was my break. Can I can get the clinic in the morning, even if he was what was it summer break, I would go to my group, you know that I would have a breakout group I go shopping. Now it's I can't go shopping. Without it, because you know it's just everything
Christina ’s iPhone: So what shaders.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. And I know, I know it's one thing we don't like rate is change and it just seems like it's
Christina ’s iPhone: Scary to know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Fear of the unknown. Definitely a Gary and
Christina ’s iPhone: I can definitely do it changes a whole lot better now. I mean, the little changes that we had. We thought we could deal with. Well, this would show you, they were much easier. Yeah. Yes.
Christina ’s iPhone: You know,
Christina ’s iPhone: My sunrise relationships always stressed. Anyways, he's mean he's he's autistic. So yes, it's kind of meat. Anyways, you know,
Christina ’s iPhone: As high fidelity belly. You don't know what could happen while we just treat each other better, you know, because what if I die, you know, what did you buy, you know, this is scary. People are tired all over, you know, and he's not autistic, to the point where you can't understand that.
You know,
Christina ’s iPhone: So it's, it's hard to explain to him and make him realize, you know that we have to be nice to each other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Christina ’s iPhone: You know cuz he just does not know how to be nice at all.
Christina ’s iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a piece of that to where his schedule has been completely disrupted to
Christina ’s iPhone: Wash your homework happened you do homework here down his schooling. He does not do well, listening to ke my dad does the math, but at least because
Christina ’s iPhone: At least he's getting really good math there. He likes to his mouth, his grandpa. I don't know why, but yesterday. He was telling his friend to bring his mouth here.
Christina ’s iPhone: Because his friends not getting any education anymore.
Christina ’s iPhone: At all. So it was like, well, least you can free your mouth here and you get up there with right you know like my dad do it was Isaac's Grandpa.
Christina ’s iPhone: And I yeah he makes it fun.
Christina ’s iPhone: Don't know how I don't go up there when they're doing the math because I find myself trying to
Christina ’s iPhone: Tell my dad, not to be too hard on my son. Because, because, because, like, what am I doing
Christina ’s iPhone: You know,
Christina ’s iPhone: So I have to not be in the room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. So
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't get to do that what he's at school. I would I do it here but and we fight we do so hard to get him to do English
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't have to do it this way at school. Well, he just what you gotta do it this way here now.
Christina ’s iPhone: He doesn't have a whole lot do. It's like maybe an hour of work. I told him yesterday. So, jeez, you know, seven hours. You just have to do work before school
Christina ’s iPhone: Just get it done it.
Christina ’s iPhone: So it's really complicated with a stressful, just trying to get them to realize he has to he has is going to go to junior high next year and he's going to be a year behind because of this they lose the summer they lose you know if forget over somewhere just what three, but at this
Christina ’s iPhone: Going through this, it's going to be really hard. They're, they're expecting them to be a year behind. No.
Christina ’s iPhone: No. Wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I aren't the passing. They're just passing the kids through
Christina ’s iPhone: Pass them anyways.
Christina ’s iPhone: But that doesn't mean they're not going to be they're still going to be, they're going to be considered here tonight.
Christina ’s iPhone: So the next
Christina ’s iPhone: Grade is going to have to catch them up.
Christina ’s iPhone: So got people that are going to be graduating high school. They only have half a year education.
Christina ’s iPhone: You know, awesome. Anyways, they don't expect them to do this, I'm pushing him to do it, even though they're not expected and they've told us that I got bad teacher to sit right in front of my son. And I said, well, you think you're doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just
Christina ’s iPhone: did not say that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there are things you don't see in front of the kids.
Christina ’s iPhone: But his friend heard that.
Christina ’s iPhone: And so he flew with it. And that's why he's not getting any education whatsoever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Christina ’s iPhone: It is mobs lazy. She just
Christina ’s iPhone: Is just not trying to do it. So, you know, but my son's trying to get his friend over more often. And so his way of saying that is come over to do
Christina ’s iPhone: School work here.
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't know. It might work better. Or I might ring. Both are next.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what do you do right now to when you're really stressed with things that are going on with your, with your son and your mom, what is it that you are able to do while you're in the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To help you get away and how
Christina ’s iPhone: To say my dress forms. Again, I, I do.
Christina ’s iPhone: Work on I paint and stuff like that. I just started doing it again.
Christina ’s iPhone: Furniture. I really love it I guess what you call it, and I stopped doing it for so long after my surgery I I had some cosmetic surgery.
Christina ’s iPhone: And I just kind of stopped doing it because at first it was because I went to the surgery and it just got lazy, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Christina ’s iPhone: So I finally took out a dress or got it done. I have done the top coat. When I then I bought a bunch of stuff. So that's what you do when your own
Christina ’s iPhone: Stuff.
Christina ’s iPhone: Delivered to the door.
Christina ’s iPhone: What's something that that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amazon is
A little bit.
Christina ’s iPhone: shopping online, has been stress that's been a stress relief for me.
Christina ’s iPhone: So Amy, but then again, I've also started my. These are my son on line two. Oh my gosh.
Christina ’s iPhone: It's very expensive know
Christina ’s iPhone: We just got our taxes from child support my ex husband's taxes come to us. He was kinda like a Christmas present. Bam. You got it on the card. So we went shopping
Christina ’s iPhone: So he
Christina ’s iPhone: buy him a bunch of brand new stuff for school. We were over in Medford right when this first started, and then they come back from Medford, and it'll go back to school.
Christina ’s iPhone: New shoes new clothes all this like
Christina ’s iPhone: My dollars.
Christina ’s iPhone: Because he's gonna grow toward junior high.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Christina ’s iPhone: Little device their shoes too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Close for the for the summer.
Right.
Christina ’s iPhone: So I'm going to start doing dressers again painting and stuff like that, you know, and it's going to take me longer now because Isaac's home and his friends are here, but I'm going to do it. It's just I don't I sell them usually I redo them and I sell them.
Christina ’s iPhone: And they're not going to sell right now probably I've got the one that I just did sold already, but that's to the kids, parents that
Is best friends.
Christina ’s iPhone: With the next one. I'm just going to be working on over a long time and
Christina ’s iPhone: You know, it'll be a really pretty and I'll put a lot of work into this one.
Christina ’s iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Candice.
Christina ’s iPhone: I'm gonna jump out of my zone so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Christina ’s iPhone: out of my comfort zone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's always a good thing.
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you tap into your creativity side and able to kind of sit in it. It really is a stressful for you.
Christina ’s iPhone: I've already
Christina ’s iPhone: Been sitting in and through my mind, but the only part that add to stress is that I
Christina ’s iPhone: It's hard to get my son to leave me alone.
Christina ’s iPhone: And not want to start when the project with me.
Christina ’s iPhone: As much as I want him to be in the party.
Christina ’s iPhone: He won't listen to me.
Christina ’s iPhone: He doesn't get the instructions. He won't let me give him an instruction.
Christina ’s iPhone: To do it right. He wants to do it his way and know that he will screw it all up.
Christina ’s iPhone: You have to have instruction, you know, it took me so long to figure out how to do this and
Christina ’s iPhone: I wasted a whole lot of product trying, you know,
Christina ’s iPhone: So now that I've got it down.
Christina ’s iPhone: You know, I got instruction from so many different people.
Christina ’s iPhone: And so I didn't just do he doesn't realize I didn't just do it.
Christina ’s iPhone: I had to help will help me and it wouldn't. I had to do it over online so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me, what do you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the dressers
Christina ’s iPhone: For chefs and them and then you I use chalk paint. So there's a lot of layering.
Christina ’s iPhone: Layering sanding and then blending and then you add some transfers usually some flowers or butterflies, or whatever, then there's molds that you
Christina ’s iPhone: Butterflies mermaids flowers all sorts of stuff. The moldings, you can move them to the dresser, which makes it look like it has been. I guess we'll move some, it makes it look original 3D so on so forth.
Christina ’s iPhone: Something, people will use the stripes, you know, make it look
Christina ’s iPhone: like something out of a cartoon almost like if you watch Beauty and the Beast. The talking arm wrong.
Christina ’s iPhone: Way. Yeah, she was like all the purple and stuff like that.
Christina ’s iPhone: stencils use those for the flowers and stuff.
Christina ’s iPhone: They can be really calm and they can be really loud.
Christina ’s iPhone: The next one I'm going to be doing is going to be yellow like a canary yellow or mustard yellow and then I'll be using the transfer their blue flowers.
Christina ’s iPhone: So that's going to be really different. And then I'll do some gold metallic stripes on the side and use some of the stencils. So put some flowers on the inside of the drawers. It's going to be a
Christina ’s iPhone: Nice way different, out of the box for me, usually I do calm earth colors and so on so forth because they're easier to sell.
Christina ’s iPhone: Well this one I'm not even worried about the cell thing. I'm just want to try something different. Maybe it will sell faster. I'm going to do in tables with it. So it'll be a full set. Yeah, so it's
Christina ’s iPhone: That sounds fun that online. I've seen the inspiration online and I was just mesmerized by it. So,
Christina ’s iPhone: I figure
Christina ’s iPhone: You know lady was probably in a much bigger city that somebody bought it much, and I don't sell things usually for much over $200 a dresser.
Christina ’s iPhone: You buy him for 30 you know
Christina ’s iPhone: But the set. I'm going to be putting on there for 500 just let it sit there
Christina ’s iPhone: So I've got hope chest that I need to do jewelry box that I need to do. I've done that I've Julia walks before
Christina ’s iPhone: Thanks. Hello. Pretty easy. I've got three other dressers out in the garage and I stack them up.
Christina ’s iPhone: Because of the surgery.
Christina ’s iPhone: And then just never got back to him. I've got my own furniture that I better do to dressers and a bed set that I have to do for myself. I've just
Christina ’s iPhone: Been holding on to like to everything else before my stuff, you know,
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah, so it takes a lot of work stripping them down to nothing. First
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got
Christina ’s iPhone: To get the best price to take all the crappiest stuff so
Christina ’s iPhone: But yeah
Christina ’s iPhone: Wow, that's what I'm going to get back into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thinking amazing definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, we are done. Um, is there any questions that you have for me.
Christina ’s iPhone: No, I mean,
Christina ’s iPhone: I know you'll be asking questions in the groups. So, and just recently. I KNOW I DO THAT YOU A. I don't know if you have that stuff on chart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I could probably look and see
Christina ’s iPhone: The ones through right heart, my last one pissed me off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because then
Christina ’s iPhone: It came up positive for Matt me it looks like that on the pictures. Anyways, I went in the clinic and dropped it off and said, I want you guys to rerun this
Christina ’s iPhone: But
Christina ’s iPhone: They did. And I haven't asked them yet, because everything started happening all this Kobo thing.
Christina ’s iPhone: And so I haven't gotten back they haven't got back to me. They were pretty sure it was getting negative because
Christina ’s iPhone: The light is pink. You know, there's just two lines. And then there was lightest pink line. The second one was there. I could see it. They can see it, but you guys couldn't see it. Bright heart couldn't. So that was considered a positive
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't know if it was considered a positive
Christina ’s iPhone: And so that's the kind of stuff that I get concerned about with bright heart is like really
Christina ’s iPhone: You know we're supposed to trust this program. But if it's coming up positive and we're not doing anything then
Christina ’s iPhone: You know, and my counselor Tony goes, oh, they don't give a shit. I'm like, ah, I don't want to hear that either you know it's good thing I've got more than one people backing me up, you know, behind me because
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't want no mistakes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, the doctor put in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your note for your drug screen on the 11th is not the one you're talking about
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She put in here. This is likely false
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Patient reset retested it open door clinic and was all negative
Christina ’s iPhone: Okay, good. Okay.
Christina ’s iPhone: Okay, thank you. But that's what I wanted to know, because I hadn't checked with anybody, and I was concerned about it still my next one is coming in the mail, which I think that's another weird thing when they send you a an email saying we have shipped your next test.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes. It definitely takes a little bit to get used to this format but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, everything seems to be really gearing in this direction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Christina ’s iPhone: Well, because of, I mean, even before this Kobo thing started. That means you know we were already in this having to deal with this on the phone.
Christina ’s iPhone: From home.
Christina ’s iPhone: And it kind of made it easier for people to go into us. Anyways, we already were uncomfortable with this got comfortable with it. And so now we have to be comfortable
Christina ’s iPhone: Being everything. I mean, even with your clinic. We're doing it over the phone now. So here, next thing we'll know we're taking our own blood work though.
Right.
Christina ’s iPhone: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last I heard, quest was still taking people so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Taking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One at a time.
Christina ’s iPhone: I could just see a stick in our hands through a little window so they could get our blood, you know, out of our beings.
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah, the little window the pharmacy window, your yard through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know and they say they clean it really good at it. I I seen a post like that on Facebook about somebody going and getting their nails done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know where the nail salon where it was a, like a cartoon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, the lady was behind the lady that does your nails was behind glass. And so she was showing up Nicola, what color you want. So they put it, they just put their little fingers right in there, you know,
So she
Christina ’s iPhone: Could happen.
Christina ’s iPhone: Thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, I saw a movie once where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was a futuristic movie where in order to get your fingernails done you just put your finger in the sewing machine. Did you
Christina ’s iPhone: Yeah.
You know,
Christina ’s iPhone: Well, I mean they the ones that you stick a mouse over your face on your face painted
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I
Christina ’s iPhone: Think, maybe some people go back to basics, I hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Christina ’s iPhone: I would like to see people go back to basics, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be nice. Yeah, definitely.
Christina ’s iPhone: Okay.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think.
Christina ’s iPhone: I think I don't know how it's night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Monday nights are more more Monday. Monday night.
Christina ’s iPhone: Monday. OK.
Christina ’s iPhone: Ok, ok. Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in group on Monday. Okay.
Christina ’s iPhone: Thank you. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a good week.
YouTube